Lasagne are a type of pasta.

The Miso Chicken dumpling was really good and I simply loved the bento so much.

Beef Wellington is a steak dish made out of fillet steak coated with pastry.

I have finished my meal with my favourite waffle from their menu.

A good cup of coffee that can uplift your energy from the first sip.

The tehari would have tasted better if they added potato and used a good amount of mustard oil.

Such a great experience eating at this restaurant. The service was top notch and the pizza was to die for.

The service and the food were both excellent. I have never had a bad experience and any of the restaurants.

Authentic Italian pizza. Made just the way it was back in 1933, I’m sure. No other pizza compares to this one.

The seafood soup had saffron in it which made the taste a bit weird for my palate.

The ceaser salad was good in quantity but nothing extraordinary.

Chocolate gulab jamun is a fusion and innovative variation that is made with instant gulab jamun mix and stuffed with chocolate chips and then served with a whipped chocolate ganache which is optional.

The lime content was tad bit extra but other than that,the sweetness content was balanced.

Jhalmuri is a popular snack from Bangladesh and India prepared by simply tossing the selected ingredients together.

Beguni is a simple dish consists of deep-fried eggplant slices.

I always enjoy my Dosa best with the coconut chutney.

Parathas are often stuffed with ingredients such as boiled potatoes, cauliflower, garlic, ginger, chili, paneer, or radish.

Panipuri is a street snack that is extremely popular in India, Bangladesh, Pakistan, and Nepal.

Ilish macher paturi is the national dish of Bangladesh.

Chotpoti is popular in Bangladesh and West Bengal.

Jilapi is believed to have its origins in Persia, zulbia or jalebi is an international dessert with variations that spread throughout the Middle East, India, and Asia.

The spicy coriander dip that comes with it is heavenly.

Chomchom is a traditional sweet from Bangladesh consisting of homemade cottage cheese called chana that is cooked in sugar syrup.

Chhena is a variety of paneer that is commonly consumed in Bangladesh and the Orissa region in India.

Haleem is a staple during the month of Ramadan in numerous Middle Eastern countries.

Nachos chips with ample amount of ground meat, diced tomatoes, capsicum and black olives topped with melted cheese and sour cream.

Bhortas or bhartas are a group of dishes mainly associated with Bangladesh.

A quintessential American food, burger evolved from the German Deutsches beefsteak, according to the New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton.

Cheeseburger is a natural evolution of the beloved hamburger.

A cupcake is a tiny cake that is baked in a thin paper mold or an aluminum cup.

The most popular food of the Southern cuisine, fried chicken is the theme of many arguments.

Burrito is a dish consisting of a wheat flour tortilla that is wrapped in such a way that it is possible to fully enclose the flavorful filling on the interior.

Fajitas is a popular Tex-Mex dish made from marinated, grilled skirt steak that is served in a wheat flour tortilla.

Tom Yum is one of the best known Thai dishes.

Tom kha gai is Thailand's delicious national dish coming from the north and bearing the influence of neighbouring Laos.

Took white bread this time but as per my tastebud, I prefer this sandwich with brown bread option.

Widely acclaimed as the most popular Spanish dish, paella is a one-pot specialty that is based on saffron-flavored rice, while the additional ingredients may include meat, seafood, or vegetables.

Chorizo is a Spanish sausage consisting of chopped pork meat and fat that is seasoned with paprika, and sometimes garlic.

Bocadillos or bocatas are Spanish sandwiches made with Spanish-style baguettes known as barra de pan, unlike regular sandwiches which are made with modern white bread, known as pan de molde in Spain.

Roti is as essential as rice.

The first documented traces of naan are found in the 1300 AD notes of Amir Kushrau, an Indo-Persian poet.

Probably the best known of all Indian dishes, butter chicken, also known as murgh makhani, is a staple dish at most Indian restaurants.

Smokey chicken sandwich comes with 4 pieces of triple layered sandwich which consists of chicken,tomatoes, sliced cheese,mayo and tomato sauce

Indian tikka is a dish consisting of boneless meat, usually chicken, that is cut into smaller pieces and marinated in yogurt and traditional Indian spices such as turmeric, cumin, coriander, cayenne pepper, chili, garlic, and ginger.

Their honey mustard sauce goes quite well with the nuggets.

Idli is a traditional, savory Indian cake that is a popular breakfast item in numerous South Indian households, although it can be found throughout the country.

Chapati is an unleavened flatbread made with whole wheat flour, water, and salt.

These deep-fried, triangular pastries are called samosa.

Seekh kabab is a delicious, juicy Pakistani kebab variety made with a minced meat.

Generous chicken filling with wasabi garnish wrapped in nori gives off strong sushi vibes.

Nihari is a popular meat-based dish originating from Old Delhi.

The cream cheese layer was mixed with crushed oreos thus has a proper flavor of oreo in it overall

Gluten free pizza way better than most.

The vegetables and mushroom was quite good but the mashed potatoes were not good.

Starbucks is famous for its many specialty coffee drinks.

Their Cream of Mushroom soup was also delicious but their Pasta & Garlic Mushroom are very average.

They will offer you a whole tray of kababs (prawns, afghani chicken, murgh malai, fish, chicken boti, grilled potatoes, and grilled pineapples) and you can eat as much as you like.

The Nutella brownie was amazing but sadly I did not like the almond ones.

The rice and lentils were cooked to the point and not dry at all.

The mungdi was served with lemons which amplified the flavourful broth.

This too comes with a hearty flavourful broth, rice noodles, squid, crab garnished with coriander and caramelised onions.

I ordered czn burak casserole which is beef and lamb cooked with butter and other spices.

A decent size of moist dark chocolate cake with chocolate ganache, comes with a scoop of ice-cream and liquid chocolate ganache.

The simple egg fried rice is served with mint sauce.

The fish was fried with such a perfection that the coating was golden brown  and so crispy yet the fish inside was so soft.

This breakfast includes toast, scrambled egg, grilled mushroom, tomato, sausage, beef bacon, beans, butter and jam.

The pizza was loaded with malai boti, chicken rashes, sausages, onions and green chili.

Beef Wellington is a steak dish made out of fillet steak coated with pastry.

